### The CNU Honor Code, Academic Integrity, and Plagiarism:  

All members of the CNU community are bound by the University’s Honor Code, which states: “On my honor, I will maintain the highest standards of honesty, integrity and personal responsibility. This means I will not lie, cheat, or steal and as a member of this academic community, I am committed to creating an environment of respect and mutual trust.” Plagiarism is a direct violation of standards of academic integrity. Your work for this course must be your own new and original work. If you use any outside sources, you must give credit to the original author by clearly identifying words or ideas borrowed or paraphrased. Purchasing papers online, copying a paper from another student at CNU or elsewhere, and submitting your own previously written work from another course without specific written permission from both instructors also “count” as plagiarism. Additionally, if you allow another student to copy your work, you are also in violation of the Honor Code. If you do not understand this definition of plagiarism, it is your responsibility to discuss this topic with me further.

Beyond being a violation of the Honor Code, plagiarism is deeply disappointing behavior. It demonstrates dishonesty and an inability to think for yourself. If you plagiarize on any assignment in this course, you will fail that assignment. Repeated instances of plagiarism may result in failing the course. I will report all plagiarism to the appropriate University authorities.

### Success: 

I want you to succeed in this course and at Christopher Newport. I encourage you to come see me during office hours or to schedule an appointment to discuss course content or to answer questions you have. If I become concerned about your course performance, attendance, engagement, or well-being, I will speak with you first. I also may submit a referral through our Captains Care Program. The referral will be received by the Center for Academic Success as well as other departments when appropriate (Counseling Services, Office of Student Engagement). If you are an athlete, the Athletic Academic Support Coordinator will be notified. Someone will contact you to help determine what will help you succeed. Please remember that this is a means for me to support you and help foster your success at Christopher Newport.

### Disabilities: 

In order for a student to receive an accommodation for a disability, that disability must be on record in the Office of Student Affairs, 3rd Floor, David Student Union (DSU). If you believe that you have a disability, please contact Jacquelyn Barnes, Student Disability Support Specialist in Student Affairs (594-7160) to discuss your needs.  

Students with documented disabilities are to notify the instructor at least seven days prior to the point at which they require an accommodation (the first day of class is recommended), in private, if accommodation is needed. The instructor will provide students with disabilities with all reasonable accommodations, but students are not exempted from fulfilling the normal requirements of the course. Work completed before the student notifies the instructor of his/her disability may be counted toward the final grade at the sole discretion of the instructor.

### Academic Support: 

The Center for Academic Success offers free tutoring assistance for Christopher Newport students in several academic areas. Staff in the center offer individual assistance and/or workshops on various study strategies to help you perform your best in your courses. The center also houses the Alice F. Randall Writing Center. Writing consultants can help you at any stage of the writing process, from invention, to development of ideas, to polishing a final draft. The Center is not a proofreading service, but consultants can help you to recognize and find grammar and punctuation errors in your work as well as provide assistance with global tasks. Go as early in the writing process as you can, and go often! 

You may visit the Center for Academic Success to request a tutor, meet with a writing consultant, pick up a schedule of workshops, or make an appointment to talk one-on-one with a University Fellow for Student Success. The Center is located in Christopher Newport Hall, first floor, room 123. 
